This is a group project. Everyone needs to participate.

EVERYONE needs to upload the project, flowchart, and assessment document or you will not receive credit.

Here is the assessment (this document will only be seen by the TAs and the Professor) document TeamEvals_403.xlsx  Download

Please see the attached graphic.

Stoplight.jpg  Download

Using the logic on the graphic and using at least 1 thread (you might have to use more), write a program that simulates this intersection of 300 S and State St in Provo.

Here are some other rules:

- Add buttons at each intersection to simulate a car coming up to the stop light. That triggers the sensor to say a car is waiting. If no cars are waiting, leave stoplight #3 on and stoplight's #4 right green arrow on. 

- If a car comes up to light #1 and no other cars are there, wait 5 seconds and if no cars still come, enable this light's logic.

- If a car comes up to light #2 and no other cars are there, wait 5 seconds and if no cars still come, enable #2 and #4

- If a car comes up to light #3 and no other cars are there, wait 5 seconds and if no cars still come, enable #3

- If cars are going through the lights, make sure you set some type of flag to tell the other stoplights that a car is waiting and then proceed with the logic.

The key will be to test the pattern of no cars being sensed and just running through the normal pattern of leaving light #3 on until a car is sensed and then handling when other cars come. I want the sensors to stop the lights 5 seconds if no other cars come. Otherwise, if there are cars, then wait a full 30 seconds and turn off that light to let the car(s) waiting go.

Light #3 and #4's right turn arrow should be on all the time unless cars are sensed.

If cars are all at the lights, the order is #3, #2 and #4, and #1 and then back to #3.

The only turn arrow that has to be represented is the right turn on light #4 and the left turns on light #3.

Make sure you document the code.

Make sure you show the stop lights using shapes. Also add buttons that you can click to simulate a car at the light.

You must also complete a flowchart for the logic.

Submit the flowchart here along with the zipped project and then schedule a time with the TAs for grading